fix Codecademy CSS/HTML course link broken, update for freeCodeCamp link (resolves #1572) (#1577)
DjangoGirls/tutorial: en/css/README.md

Don't be afraid to tinker with this CSS a little bit and try to change some things. Playing with the CSS can help you understand what the different things are doing. If you break something, don't worry – you can always undo it!

> We really recommend taking this free online [freeCodeCamp - Basic HTML & HTML5](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/). It can help you learn all about making your websites prettier with CSS.

Reviewer: What is free and online? I'm not a native English speaker but would assume, that you loose the `course` word.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, it looks like that word got lost.

Author: sorry, do i need to add the word and resubmit?

Reviewer: @fernandasj to merge your changes here they need to be accepted. So you need to resolve whatever issue is here, commit that and push it to the same branch. Your updates will occur here automatically.

Reviewer: Great! Can you also answer a question posted below by @das-g?

> We really recommend taking this free online [freeCodeCamp - Basic HTML & HTML5](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/). It can help you learn all about making your websites prettier with CSS.

Reviewer 2: Is it true that the "Basic HTML and HTML5" course subsection "can help you learn all about making your websites prettier with CSS."? https://learn.freecodecamp.org/ seems to have a separate section (also part of the "Responsive Web Design Certification") about CSS. Should we recommend both subsections? Or even the whole "Responsive Web Design Certification" course?

Author: @das-g  I believe the core courses would be ideal for beginners and the topics covered in the section, but we can point to the Responsive Web Design Certification course for further study. Should I put this in README?

Reviewer 2: Which one(s) is / are "core courses"?

Author: the main topics covered in the session are HTML and CSS, freeCodeCamp has the general course from the most advanced basics in Web Design

Reviewer 2: Not quite sure I understand. How about mentioning both their HTML course and their CSS course? E.g. like this:

```suggestion
We really recommend taking the free online courses "Basic HTML & HTML5" and "Basic CSS" on [freeCodeCamp](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/). They can help you learn all about making your websites prettier with HTML and CSS.
```

> We really recommend taking this free online [freeCodeCamp - Basic HTML & HTML5 course](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/). It can help you learn all about making your websites prettier with CSS.

Reviewer 2: My suggestion based on the current diff:

```suggestion
We really recommend taking the free online courses "Basic HTML & HTML5" and "Basic CSS" on [freeCodeCamp](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/). They can help you learn all about making your websites prettier with HTML and CSS.
```
